README.md, before:

![bajoski34's GitHub Banner](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bajoski34/bajoski34/main/banner.png)


<h2 align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Architects+Daughter&color=ffffff&center=true&size=30&lines=Hi+there+👋,+I'm+Abraham;Full-Stack+Fintech+Engineer+%7C+DX+Builder;Crafting+Payments,+Plugins+%26+SDKs+for+the+Modern+Web" alt="Typing SVG" />
</h2>

<h2 align="center">
  Senior Software Engineer | Fintech & AI Specialist | Riccarton, Scotland 🇬🇧
</h2>

💼 **Senior Software Engineer** – driving innovation in global payments, financial technology, and AI-powered solutions.  

---

<h2 align="center">🔗 Connect with Me</h2>

<div align="center">

  <a href="https://twitter.com/yuungbaju" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-%2300acee.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white" alt="Twitter" />
  </a>

  <a href="mailto:olaobajua@gmail.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Gmail" />
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://github.com/bajoski34" target/>

  https://arc.dev/@bajoski34

Commit message:

Revise README.md for improved clarity and detail
Updated the README to enhance the description of skills and expertise.

README.md, after:

![bajoski34's GitHub Banner](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bajoski34/bajoski34/main/banner.png)


<h2 align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Architects+Daughter&color=ffffff&center=true&size=30&lines=Hi+there+👋,+I'm+Abraham;Full-Stack+Fintech+Engineer+%7C+DX+Builder;Crafting+Payments,+Plugins+%26+SDKs+for+the+Modern+Web" alt="Typing SVG" />
</h2>

<h2 align="center">
  Senior Software Engineer | Fintech & AI Specialist | Riccarton, Scotland 🇬🇧
</h2>

💼 **Senior Software Engineer** – driving innovation in global payments, financial technology, and AI-powered solutions.

- 🔧 I architect, develop, and optimize **robust microservices, integrations, plugins, and SDKs** for web and mobile platforms, ensuring secure and seamless transactions at scale.  
- 🌍 Deep expertise in building scalable, interoperable systems across **Python, FastAPI, Laravel, CMS (WordPress, Magento, Odoo, Shopify, etc.), React, Node.js, and more**.  
- 🤖 Experienced in leveraging **Databricks** and AI technologies to deliver intelligent automation, advanced analytics, and data-driven fintech products.  
- 📦 Specialized in **payment infrastructure, third-party integrations, automation, observability**, and **API design**, with a strong focus on reliability and performance.  
- 🛠️ Core tools: **Python, FastAPI, PHP, Laravel, React, JavaScript/TypeScript, PostgreSQL, Redis, Docker, GitLab CI, Grafana, Databricks, k8s**.  
- ⚙️ Proven track record with **OpenAPI clients, CLI tools, service abstractions, analytics pipelines, and modern DevOps workflows**.  
- 💬 Ask me about: **Software Engineering, Developer Experience (DX), Payment Gateways, AI in Fintech, Laravel Internals, WordPress Blocks, or SDK design**.  
- 🎯 Currently building: **developer-facing tools that simplify and accelerate fintech and AI integration**.  
- 😄 Pronouns: **He / Him**

---

<h2 align="center">🔗 Connect with Me</h2>

<div align="center">

  <a href="https://twitter.com/yuungbaju" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-%2300acee.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white" alt="Twitter" />
  </a>

  <a href="mailto:olaobajua@gmail.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Gmail" />
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://github.com/bajoski34" target/>

  https://arc.dev/@bajoski34
